updating variables (#83)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/global-settings.md

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-eigthshift--frontend--libs-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&labelColor=2a2a2a)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs)

> > This chapter is only relevant in setup without CSS variables, if you are using CSS variables please skip to [Blocks Styles chapter](blocks-styles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This chapter is only relevant in setups that don't use CSS variables. If you are using CSS variables please skip to the [Blocks Styles chapter](blocks-styles) chapter.
```
